Dad, how are you talking to Mr. An?
And have you found the person who hurt me?
Who let you lose control of your lower body?
In the end, you shoot yourself in the foot
That's not going to happen.
Am I a young son or not?
What if you pursue it?
Can you restore it to the way it was before?
It's up to you now
You are too cowardly
I'm going abroad soon to discuss important business
Behave yourself after you leave the hospital
Don't cause me any more trouble.
I see you went out to find a new woman
Have another child to replace me
Goddamn thing
Huh?
Who is the person who hurt me?
You Mingxuan, of course
I found out that he was the one who went to save Angiyan that night
No wonder my dad is afraid of Youmingxuan
So what should we do now, your dad is cowardly
Don't you still have your mother's?
He is the biological daughter of a grandfather
He's not afraid of making it clear
I'm going to call my mom
Mom You Mingxuan deceives too much
You must decide for me!
Don't worry, mom will never forgive him lightly